welcome to chief of hippo calm my name
is so hang your personal bargain hunter
and what we normally do here is find you
some of the hottest deals on the latest
electronics but today instead we will be
talking about a hot new product release
and now the hot new product info update
I've got for you is on the anal novo7
elf this is a new android tablet that's
soon to come out of the market this item
has a 7-inch capacitive multi-touch
screen this item has a resolution of
1024 x 600 IPS this item also has an
aspect ratio of 16 29 the processor on
this item is a cortex a8 1 gigahertz
allwinner a10 single core processor the
graphics card on this item is the mali
400 the memory on this item is 1gb RAM
and it has 8gb of storage space which
can be expanded up to 32 gigs with a
microSD card this item does also have
access to the android market so you can
download thousands of apps directly from
the android market this item also has
Wi-Fi connectivity and there is a front
camera on this item this device also has
the Android Ice Cream Sandwich operating
system additional features on this item
includes a speaker that's built in a
microphone that's also built in this
item also has a g-sensor there is a
5-point multi-touch display this device
also has a mini HDMI output there's also
an audio out and a USB port for more
information and to search this item on
amazon and ebay com click the link below
so that was a hot deal brought to you by
cheapo hypercom your personal bargain
hunter and our job here is to find you
some of the best deals on the hottest
electronics so if you love shopping
online be sure to check out cheapo hippo
calm every day for all the latest deals
if you have any questions about this
item or anything else on our site be
sure to let us know in the comments
section below and we'll be sure to get
back to you within 24 hours also if you
like what we do be sure to subscribe to
our channel and like this video we're
also on facebook twitter and google+ so
be sure to check us out there links to
everything we talked about are in the
description section below this is cheapo
hippo calm your personal bargain hunter
thank you for watching